README.md, before:

barebones setup for JavaScript / Node projects replace this with a one-liner phrase describing this project or app

[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d2d84b7b2f31466b90fadb98149c4bd0)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/BuildForSDG/Co-sharing-back-end?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=BuildForSDG/Co-sharing-back-end&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d2d84b7b2f31466b90fadb98149c4bd0)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/BuildForSDG/Co-sharing-back-end?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=BuildForSDG/Co-sharing-back-end&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)
[![Codacy Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Quality-D-red)](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code%20Quality-D-red)


## About

What is this project about. Ok to enrich here or the section above it with an image. 

Once this repo has been setup on Codacy by the TTL, replace the above badge with the actual one from the Codacy dashboard, and add the code coverage badge as well. This is mandatory

This is a simple JavaScript starter repo template for setting up your project. The setup contains

- Jest: For runnung tests. We strongly recommend that JavaScript projects use Jest

- Eslint & Prettier: For formatting code to match ESlint AirBnB coding standard. You might need to install the ESlint and Prettier plugins for your code editor to make the most of these utilities

## Why

Talk about what problem this solves, what SDG(s) and SGD targets it addresses and why these are imoirtant

## Usage
 How would someone use what you have built, include URLs to the deployed app, service e.t.c when you have it setup


## Setup

Install `npm` or `yarn` if you dont have any of them already installed. We recommend Yarn though.

After clonning the repo to your local machine and moving into the cloned folder, Run `yarn install` to get started by installing dependencies. 

`src/index.js` is the entry to the project and source code should go into the `src` folder.

All tests should be written in the `__tests__' folder. There's a sample in there.

This starter uses [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/getting_started.html) as the bundler. It is much simpler that WebPack and the others

#### Hints

- Run `npm install` or `yarn install` to get started. We'll assume you are using Yarn.
- Install additional dependencies: `yarn add <dependency-name> [-D]`
- Run tests: `yarn test`
- Run tests with test coverage info: `yarn test:cover`
- Check the codebase for proper syntax and formatting compliance: `yarn lint`
- Run your app in local dev mode: `yarn start`. This puts the bundled app in a `dist` folder, set up a local web server at localhost:1234, and continues to watch for your code changes which it syncs with the local server. This means if you loaded the app in a browser, it will auto-refresh as you code along. Feel free to use whatever bundler best meets your needs. Parcel was only added as a sample and for those looking for a simple but effective solution to the hassle of bundlers. 

## Authors

List the team behind this project. Their names linked to their Github, LinkedIn, or Twitter accounts should siffice. Ok to signify the role they play in the project, including the TTL and mentor

## Contributing
If this project sounds interesting to you and you'd like to contribute, thank you!
First, you can send a mail to buildforsdg@andela.com to indicate your interest, why you'd like to support and what forms of support you can bring to the table, but here are areas we think we'd need the most help in this project :
1.  area one (e.g this app is about human trafficking and you need feedback on your roadmap and feature list from the private sector / NGOs)
2.  area two (e.g you want people to opt-in and try using your staging app at staging.project-name.com and report any bugs via a form)
3.  area three (e.g here is the zoom link to our end-of sprint webinar, join and provide feedback as a stakeholder if you can)

## Acknowledgements

Did you use someone else’s code?
Do you want to thank someone explicitly?
Did someone’s blog post spark off a wonderful idea or give you a solution to nagging problem?

It's powerful to always give credit.

## LICENSE
MIT

Commit message:

Update documentation for the project
Replaced the dummy content with the more specific and meaningful documentation for the co-sharing project

README.md, after:

Co-sharing allows idea owners to share and collaborate with idea owners(with the same or similar idea), Investors, Developers, Designers and any other stakeholders or tools needed to implement an idea.


[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d2d84b7b2f31466b90fadb98149c4bd0)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/BuildForSDG/Co-sharing-back-end?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=BuildForSDG/Co-sharing-back-end&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/d2d84b7b2f31466b90fadb98149c4bd0)](https://app.codacy.com/gh/BuildForSDG/Co-sharing-back-end?utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=BuildForSDG/Co-sharing-back-end&utm_campaign=Badge_Grade_Settings)




## About

Co-sharing allows is a web-based solution that allows its users to share ideas and collaborate together using their skills and resources to help implement the shared idea.  



This project repo is created from JavaScript starter repo template for setting up project.
The setup contains

- Jest: For runnung tests. We strongly recommend that JavaScript projects use Jest

- Eslint & Prettier: For formatting code to match ESlint AirBnB coding standard. You might need to install the ESlint and Prettier plugins for your code editor to make the most of these utilities

## Why


Many people have brilliant idea but lack the skills, resources and technical know how to implement it. 
with co-sharing,more idea will receive not  just the financial support from different people from around the world interested in an idea, they will also be able to tap into the same skill power available to building an open sourced project, this time right from the idea stage.
The SDG GOAL 9 is been targeted by this projectalong with those that the goal is targeted i.e Develop quality, reliable, sustainable and resilient infrastructure through bettee and improved implementation of ideas that help build this resilient infrastructure.
## Usage

The platform will first be available as a web-app and later for Android, Ios, windows and other major operating system that is available to anyone that can be willing to share or collaborate to build solutions that matters.
Currently, this platform is een developed, the link to where t isi hosted will e made available once it is ready

## Setup

Install `npm` or `yarn` if you dont have any of them already installed. We recommend Yarn though.

After clonning the repo to your local machine and moving into the cloned folder, Run `yarn install` to get started by installing dependencies. 

`src/index.js` is the entry to the project and source code should go into the `src` folder.

All tests should be written in the `__tests__' folder. There's a sample in there.

This starter uses [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/getting_started.html) as the bundler. It is much simpler that WebPack and the others

#### Hints

- Run `npm install` or `yarn install` to get started. We'll assume you are using Yarn.
- Install additional dependencies: `yarn add <dependency-name> [-D]`
- Run tests: `yarn test`
- Run tests with test coverage info: `yarn test:cover`
- Check the codebase for proper syntax and formatting compliance: `yarn lint`
- Run your app in local dev mode: `yarn start`. This puts the bundled app in a `dist` folder, set up a local web server at localhost:1234, and continues to watch for your code changes which it syncs with the local server. This means if you loaded the app in a browser, it will auto-refresh as you code along. Feel free to use whatever bundler best meets your needs. Parcel was only added as a sample and for those looking for a simple but effective solution to the hassle of bundlers. 

## Authors

List the team behind this project. Their names linked to their Github, LinkedIn, or Twitter accounts should siffice. Ok to signify the role they play in the project, including the TTL and mentor

## Contributing
If this project sounds interesting to you and you'd like to contribute, thank you!
First, you can send a mail to buildforsdg@andela.com to indicate your interest, why you'd like to support and what forms of support you can bring to the table, but here are areas we think we'd need the most help in this project :
1.  area one (e.g this app is about human trafficking and you need feedback on your roadmap and feature list from the private sector / NGOs)
2.  area two (e.g you want people to opt-in and try using your staging app at staging.project-name.com and report any bugs via a form)
3.  area three (e.g here is the zoom link to our end-of sprint webinar, join and provide feedback as a stakeholder if you can)

## Acknowledgements

Did you use someone else’s code?
Do you want to thank someone explicitly?
Did someone’s blog post spark off a wonderful idea or give you a solution to nagging problem?

It's powerful to always give credit.

## LICENSE
MIT
